federalist 19 the same subject continued
the insufficiency of the present
confederation to preserve the union
for the independent journal hamilton and
madison
to the people of the state of new york
the examples of ancient confederacy
cited in my last paper
have not exhausted the source of
experimental instruction on this subject
there are existing institutions founded
on a similar principle which merit
particular consideration
the first which presents itself is the
germanic body
in the early ages of christianity
germany was occupied by seven distinct
nations who had no common chief
the franks one of the number having
conquered the gauls established the
kingdom which has taken its name
from them in the 9th century charlemagne
its warlike monarch
carried his victorious arms in every
direction and germany became a part of
his vast dominions
on the dismemberment which took place
under his sons
this part was erected into a separate
and independent empire
charlemagne and his immediate
descendants possessed the reality as
well as the enzymes and dignity of
imperial power
but the principal vassals whose fiefs
had become hereditary and who composed
the national diets which charlemagne had
not abolished
gradually threw off the yoke and
advanced to sovereign jurisdiction and
independence
the force of imperial sovereignty was
insufficient to restrain such powerful
dependents
or to preserve the unity and tranquility
of the empire
the most furious private wars
accompanied with every species of
calamity were carried on between the
different princes and states
the imperial authority unable to
maintain the public order
declined by degrees till it was almost
extinct in the anarchy which agitated
the long interval between the death of
the last emperor of the suobian
and the accession of the first emperor
of the austrian lines
in the 11th century the emperors enjoyed
full sovereignty
in the 15th they had little more than
the symbols and decorations of power
out of this feudal system which has
itself many of the important features of
a confederacy
has grown the federal system which
constitutes the germanic empire
its powers are vested in a diet
representing the component members of
the confederacy
in the emperor who is the executive
magistrate with a negative on the
decrees of the diet
and in the imperial chamber and the alec
council two judiciary tribunals having
supreme jurisdiction in controversies
which concern the empire or which happen
among its members
the diet possesses the general power of
legislating for the empire of making war
and peace
contracting alliances assessing quotas
of troops and money
constructing fortresses regulating coin
admitting new members and subjecting
disobedient members to the ban of the
empire by which the party is degraded
from his sovereign rights and his
possessions forfeited
the members of the confederacy are
expressly restricted from entering into
compacts prejudicial to the empire from
imposing tolls and duties on their
mutual intercourse without the consent
of the emperor and diet
from altering the value of money from
doing injustice to one another or from
affording assistance or retreat to
disturb us of the public peace
and the ban is denounced against such as
shall violate any of these restrictions
the members of the diet as such are
subject in all cases to be judged by the
emperor and diet
and in their private capacities by the
aula council and imperial chamber
the prerogatives of the emperor are
numerous the most important of them are
his exclusive right to make propositions
to the diet to negative its resolutions
to name ambassadors
to confer dignities in titles to fill
vacant electorates
to found universities to grant
privileges not injurious to the states
of the empire to receive and apply the
public revenues and generally to watch
over the public safety
in certain cases the electors form a
council to him
in quality of emperor he possesses no
territory within the empire
nor receives any revenue for his support
but his revenue and dominions in other
qualities constitute him one of the most
powerful princes in europe
from such a parade of constitutional
powers in the representatives and head
of this confederacy
the natural supposition would be that it
must form an exception to the general
character which belongs to its kindred
systems
nothing would be further from the
reality the fundamental principle on
which it rests
that the empire is a community of
sovereigns that the diet is a
representation of sovereigns and that
the laws are addressed to sovereigns
renders the empire a nerveless body
incapable of regulating its own members
insecure against external dangers and
agitated with unceasing fermentations in
its own bowels
the history of germany is a history of
wars between the emperors and the
princes and states
of wars among the princes and states
themselves of the licentiousness of the
strong
and the oppression of the weak of
foreign intrusions and foreign intrigues
of requisitions of men and money
disregarded or partially complied with
of attempts to enforce them altogether
abortive or attended with slaughter and
desolation involving the innocent with
the guilty of general imbecility
confusion
and misery in the 16th century the
emperor with one part of the empire on
his side
was seen engaged against the other
princes and states
in one of the conflicts the emperor
himself was put to flight and very near
being made prisoner by the elector of
saxony
the late king of prussia was more than
once pitted against his imperial
sovereign and commonly proved an
overmatch for him
controversies and wars among the members
themselves have been so common
that the german animals are crowded with
the bloody pages which describe them
previous to the peace of westphalia
germany was desolated by a war of 30
years
in which the emperor with one half of
the empire was on one side and sweden
with the other half on the opposite side
peace was at length negotiated and
dictated by foreign powers and the
articles of it to which foreign powers
are parties
made a fundamental part of the germanic
constitution
if the nation happens on any emergency
to be more united by the necessity of
self-defense
its situation is still deplorable
military preparations must be preceded
by so many tedious discussions arising
from the jealousies pride separate views
and clashing pretensions of sovereign
bodies that before the diet can settle
the arrangements
the enemy are in the field and before
the federal troops are ready to take it
are retiring into winter quarters the
small body of national troops which has
been judged
necessary in time of peace is
defectively kept up badly paid
infected with local prejudices and
supported by irregular and
disproportionate contributions to the
treasury
the impossibility of maintaining order
and dispensing justice among these
sovereign subjects
produced the experiment of dividing the
empire into nine or ten circles or
districts
of giving them an interior organization
and of charging them with the military
execution of the laws against delinquent
and contumacious members
this experiment has only served to
demonstrate more fully the radical vice
of the constitution
each circle is the miniature picture of
the deformities of this political
monster
they either fail to execute their
commissions or they do it with all the
devastation and carnage of civil war
sometimes whole circles are defaulters
and then they increase the mischief
which they were instituted to remedy
we may form some judgment of this scheme
of military coercion from a sample given
by thuanus
in donnaworth a free and imperial city
of the circle of swabia the ab 300
descent craw
enjoyed certain immunities which had
been reserved to him
in the exercise of these on some public
occasions outrages were committed on him
by the people of the city
the consequence was that the city was
put under the ban of the empire
and the duke of bavaria though director
of another circle
obtained an appointment to enforce it he
soon appeared before the city with a
core of ten thousand
troops and finding it a fit occasion as
he had secretly intended from the
beginning to revive an antiquated claim
on the pretext that his ancestors had
suffered the place to be dismembered
from his territory
faffel nouvelle abridged chronology
daily history etc de alamein
says the pretext was to indemnify
himself for the expense of the
expedition
he took possession of it in his own name
disarmed and punished the inhabitants
and re-annexed the city to his domains
it may be asked perhaps what has so long
kept the disjoining machine from falling
entirely to pieces
the answer is obvious the weakness of
most of the members who are unwilling to
expose themselves to the mercy of
foreign powers
the weakness of most of the principal
members compared with the formidable
powers all around them
the vast weight and influence which the
emperor derives from his separate and
hereditary dominions
and the interest he feels in preserving
a system with which his family pride is
connected and which constitutes him the
first prince in europe
these causes support a feeble and
precarious union whilst the repellent
quality incident to the nature of
sovereignty and which
time continually strengthens prevents
any form whatever founded on a proper
consolidation
nor is it to be imagined if this
obstacle could be surmounted
that the neighboring powers would suffer
a revolution to take place
which would give to the empire the force
and preeminence to which it is entitled
foreign nations have long considered
themselves as interested in the changes
made by events in this constitution and
have on various occasions betrayed their
policy of perpetuating its anarchy and
weakness
if more direct examples were wanting
poland as a government over local
sovereigns might not improperly be taken
notice of
nor could any proof more striking be
given of the calamities flowing from
such institutions
equally unfit for self-government and
self-defense it has long been at the
mercy of its powerful neighbors who have
lately had the mercy to disburden it of
one-third of its people and territories
the connection among the swiss cantons
scarcely amounts to a confederacy though
it is sometimes cited as an instance of
the stability of such institutions
they have no common treasury no common
troops even in war
no common coin no common judicatory nor
any other common mark of sovereignty
they are kept together by the
peculiarity of their topographical
position
by their individual weakness and
insignificancy by the fear of powerful
neighbors to one of which they were
formally subject
by the few sources of contention among
people of such simple and homogeneous
manners by their joint interest in their
dependent possessions
by the mutual aid they stand in need of
for suppressing insurrections and
rebellions
an aid expressly stipulated and often
required and afforded and by the
necessity of some regular and permanent
provision for accommodating disputes
among the cantons
the provision is that the parties at
variants shall each
choose four judges out of the neutral
cantons who in case of disagreement
choose an umpire this tribunal under an
oath of impartiality pronounces
definitive sentences which
all the cantons are bound to enforce the
competency of this regulation may be
estimated by a clause in their treaty of
1683 with victor amadeus of savoy
in which he obliges himself to interpose
as mediator in disputes between the
cantons and to employ force if necessary
against the consumacious party
so far as the peculiarity of their case
will admit of comparison with that of
the united states
it serves to confirm the principle
intended to be established
whatever efficacy the union may have had
in ordinary cases
it appears that the moment a cause of
difference sprang up capable of trying
its strength
it failed the controversies on the
subject of religion which in three
instances have kindled violent and
bloody contests
may be said in fact to have severed the
league the protestant and catholic
cantons have since their separate diets
where all the most important concerns
are adjusted and which have left the
general diet little other business than
to take care of the common baleages
that separation had another consequence
which merits attention
it produced opposite alliances with
foreign powers
of burn at the head of the protestant
association with the united provinces
and of luzerne at the head of the
catholic association with france
publius